Add CatalogAPI (#342)
kube-bind/kube-bind: README.md

To get familiar with setting up the environment, please check out docs at [kube-bind.io](https://docs.kube-bind.io/main/setup).

## API Changes in v0.6.0 release

### Catalog API
Introduction of new `Collection` and `APIServiceExportTemplate` CRDs for better service organization:

> - **Collections**: Function as folders in the UI, grouping related modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Collections**: Function as folders in the UI, grouping bindable resources such es templates
```

I'd call it abstract resources. Maybe we'll have other bindable resources in the future.

> - **APIServiceExportTemplate**: Group multiple CRDs with their related resources and permission claims and creates `APIServiceExportRequest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APIServiceExportTemplate**: Group multiple CRDs with their related resources and permission claims that can be used to create a `APIServiceExportRequest`
```
